refactor(word)!: change default error strategy to 'fail' (#3560)
faker-js/faker: docs/guide/upgrading.md

| `faker.image.urlPlaceholder` | `faker.image.dataUri`                                    |
| `faker.finance.maskedNumber` | See [#3201](https://github.com/faker-js/faker/pull/3201) |
| `faker.image.avatarLegacy`   | `faker.image.avatar`                                     |

### Word Methods Default Resolution Strategy

The default resolution strategy for the methods in the word module changed to 'fail'.

> This means that method in the word module will fail if no words for your input criteria exist.

Reviewer: Perhapa "will throw an error" instead of "will fail"? To emphasise what "fail" means.

Author: Good suggestion. That will bring more clarity to the actual runtime behavior.

```suggestion
This means that method in the word module will throw an error if no words for your input criteria exist.
```

> This means that method in the word module will throw an error if no words for your input criteria exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that methods in the word module will throw an error if no words for your input criteria exist.
```

> 

Reviewer: I think adding a practical example would be helpful:

For example:
```ts
// There are no nouns between 20-25 characters long in the word list
faker.word.noun({length:{min:20, max:25}})
// In v9, this would return a random noun of any length, like 'plastic'
// In v10, this throws an error `[Error]: No words found that match the given length.`
```

Author: I've added the section but adjusted the error message, since it will be a "FakerError".
